Topics: add stub descriptions for all currently qualifying proposed topics (#613)
bitcoinops/bitcoinops.github.io: _topics/en/segregated-witness.md

---
title: Segregated witness

## Optional.  Shorter name to use for reference style links e.g., "foo"
## will allow using the link [topic foo][].  Not case sensitive
shortname: segwit

## Optional.  An entry will be added to the topics index for each alias
#aliases:
#  - Foo

## Required.  At least one category to which this topic belongs.  See
## schema for options
categories:
  - Soft Forks

## Optional.  Produces a Markdown link with either "[title][]" or
## "[title](link)"

> primary_sources:

Reviewer: Again, it'd be nice to have descriptions of these links when there's more than one BIP.

  - title: "Bitcoin Core #14454 adds support to the importmulti RPC for segwit addresses and scripts"
    url: /en/newsletters/2018/11/06/#bitcoin-core-14454

  - title: "Bitcoin Core #14811 updates the getblocktemplate RPC to require that the segwit flag be passed"
    url: /en/newsletters/2019/01/08/#bitcoin-core-14811

  - title: "Question: Are there still miners or mining pools which refuse to implement SegWit?"
    url: /en/newsletters/2019/04/30/#are-there-still-miners-or-mining-pools-which-refuse-to-implement-segwit

  - title: "Bitcoin Core #14039 causes Bitcoin Core to reject legacy transactions encoded as segwit"
    url: /en/newsletters/2019/04/30/#bitcoin-core-14039

  - title: "Bitcoin Core #15846 relays and mines transactions paying any segwit address version"
    url: /en/newsletters/2019/04/30/#bitcoin-core-15846

  - title: Fee overpayment attack on multi-input segwit transactions
    url: /en/newsletters/2020/06/10/#fee-overpayment-attack-on-multi-input-segwit-transactions

  - title: "BIPs #933 adds BIP339 for transaction relay announcement using segwit wtxids"
    url: /en/newsletters/2020/07/01/#bips-933

>   - title: "Bitcoin Core #18044 adds support for segwit wtxid transaction announcements and requests"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - title: "Bitcoin Core #18044 adds support for transaction announcements and requests using segwit wtxids"
```

(I think this wording, which is used in the BIPs 993 item, is slightly clearer)

    url: /en/newsletters/2020/07/29/#bitcoin-core-18044

  - title: "BIPs #947 updates the BIP325 specification of signet to allow segwit-style virtual transactions"
    url: /en/newsletters/2020/08/05/#bips-947

>   - title: "Bitcoin Core #21009 removes logic needed to updating a pre-segwit node to segwit"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - title: "Bitcoin Core #21009 removes logic needed to upgrade a pre-segwit node to segwit"
```
